Building a professional illustration portfolio is essential
for establishing your career as a digital artist. Your portfolio
is your visual resume and often the first impression clients
or employers will have of your work. Quality always trumps
quantity - showcase your best work rather than everything
you've ever created. Consistency in style and presentation
demonstrates professionalism and artistic maturity. Understanding
your target market helps you curate relevant portfolio pieces.
Online presence through social media and portfolio websites
expands your reach and networking opportunities. We'll cover
presentation techniques, case study creation, and professional
networking strategies. Personal projects demonstrate initiative
and passion beyond client work. Regular portfolio updates
keep your work current and show artistic growth. This lesson
provides practical guidance for freelancers and job seekers
in the illustration industry. Ready to showcase your talent
professionally? Let's build your portfolio.